Added note on VCPP redist for 32bit driver (#8777)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/connect/oledb/download-oledb-driver-for-sql-server.md

:::image type="icon" source="../../includes/media/download.svg" border="false"::: **[Download Microsoft OLE DB Driver 19 for SQL Server (x86)](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2220016)**  
:::image type="icon" source="../../includes/media/download.svg" border="false"::: **[Download Microsoft OLE DB Driver 19 for SQL Server (Arm64)](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2224283)**  

> > [!Note]
> > Installation of [Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist) is a prerequisite,
> > and while the 64bit installer for Microsoft OLE DB Driver installs both the 64bit and 32bit driver, the 64bit installer for the Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable
> > does not and you will need to install both the 32bit and 64bit versions to use the OleDb provider in 32bit programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Installation of the [Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable](/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist) is a prerequisite,
> and while the x64 installer for Microsoft OLE DB Driver installs both the 64-bit and 32-bit driver, the x64 installer for the Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable
> doesn't install 32-bit binaries. You must install both the x86 and x64 versions of the C++ redistributable package to use the OLE DB  driver with 32-bit programs.
```
